FISH 6027 - Remote EJB + JDK 17 does not work (#298)
payara/Payara-Community-Documentation: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/documentation/payara-server/ejb/README.adoc

This section details several improvements and enhancements done to the EJB features available on Payara Server.

> NOTE: If using a JavaSE client for remote EJB lookups on JDK 17, you need to specify `--add-opens=java.base/java.lang=ALL-UNNAMED` to the invoking command.

Reviewer: Java SE has a space I believe, and some clarification on where to add it.
```suggestion
NOTE: If using a Java SE client for remote EJB lookups on JDK 17, you need to specify `--add-opens=java.base/java.lang=ALL-UNNAMED` to the JVM options of the client.
```
